DOCS-7058 platform cache (#127)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/cache.adoc

> = Optionally Configure the Cache

Reviewer: Optionally Configure the Platform Cache

Author: Fixed.

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> Anypoint API Community Manager can improve performance with a platform cache.

Reviewer: You can improve the performance of pages and components in your API community by using the Platform Cache [LINK TO https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=data_platform_cache.htm&type=5]

Author: Fixed.

The platform cache has two parts: a session cache that holds data specific to one user and their session, and an organization cache that holds data that will be accessed by multiple users in the organization.

If you wish to change the default configuration for the caches:

. Log in to your Salesforce organization.
. In *Setup*, click *Custom Metadata Types*.
. Next to the label *ACM Platform Cache Metadata*, click *Manage Records*.
. Next to the label *ACM Configuration*, click *Edit*.

> . Use the *OrgCacheEnabled* and *SessionCacheEnabled* checkboxes to enable or disable the caches.

Reviewer: Use the *Session Cache Enabled* and *Organization Cache Enabled* checkboxes to enable or disable the corresponding cache.

Author: Fixed.

> . Set the number of seconds that cached data remains in the cache for the API documentation, API instance, and API query entities with the *ApiDocumentationLifetime*, *ApiInstancesLifetime*, and *ApiQueryLifetime* fields.

Reviewer: Set the number of seconds that cached data remains in the cache for Applications, API versions, documentation content, instances, and queries with the *Applications*, *API Versions Lifetime*,  *API Documentation Lifetime*, *API Instances Lifetime*, and *API Query Lifetime* fields.

Author: Fixed.

. Hover the mouse cursor over the question mark next to each field name to see the minimum and maximum number of seconds for each entity.
. Set a field to zero seconds to disable caching of that entity.

> 

Reviewer: (this comment was merged with the one below)

Reviewer: ADD: 
- click save to save the changes.

Caches are by default configured to 0 size. To complete configuration of the caches, you need to set the size to more than 0. To configure the size of the caches, see current usage and clear their entries:
1. In *Setup*, go to "Platform Cache"
2. Open the `ACMCache` partition
3. Click Edit, and define a size for each cache using the "Organization" field. Observe the sum of the sizes of both caches must be less than or equal to the cache capacity in your org. [LINK TO Licensing overview section]
4. Click save

The new configuration becomes effective immediately. In this section you will be able to see how caches are being used, by clicking on Recalculate button.

Reviewer: OBSERVE these sizes are in Mb

Reviewer: Objects that are cached include:

```
Object             Description 
Applications               Details of Client Applications of users
API Versions               Basic details of APIs versions from Exchange
API Documentation    API version information and documentation pages
API Instances              Available instances of each published API version
API Query                    Responses of the TRY IT operation in the API Console
```

Author: Added all of this. Thank you!

== See Also

> https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.apexcode.meta/apexcode/apex_cache_namespace_overview.htm[Salesforce Platform Cache documentation, role=external, window=blank]

Reviewer: actually - REPLACE with this link: 
https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=data_platform_cache.htm&type=5

Author: Much better-- thank you! Fixed.

= Optionally Configure the Platform Cache
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> You can improve the performance of pages and components in your API community by using the https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=data_platform_cache.htm&type=5[Platform Cache, role=external, window=blank].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can improve the performance of pages and components in your API community by using the https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=data_platform_cache.htm&type=5[platform cache, role=external, window=blank].
```

Reviewer: agree as long as we make sure lower-case for "platform cache" is used consistently across docs

> The platform cache has two parts: a session cache that holds data specific to one user and their session, and an organization cache that holds data that will be accessed by multiple users in the organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The platform cache has two parts: a session cache that holds data specific to one user and their session, and an organization cache that holds data accessed by multiple users in the organization.
```

Reviewer: agree

> If you wish to change the default configuration for the caches:

Reviewer 2: GLOBALLY change "wish" to "want"
```suggestion
If you want to change the default configuration for either part of the cache:
```

Reviewer: agree

. Log in to your Salesforce organization.
. In *Setup*, click *Custom Metadata Types*.
. Next to the label *ACM Platform Cache Metadata*, click *Manage Records*.
. Next to the label *ACM Configuration*, click *Edit*.
. Use the *Session Cache Enabled* and *Organization Cache Enabled* checkboxes to enable or disable the corresponding cache.

> . Set the number of seconds that cached data remains in the cache for Applications, API versions, documentation content, instances, and queries with the *Applications*, *API Versions Lifetime*, *API Documentation Lifetime*, *API Instances Lifetime*, and *API Query Lifetime* fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Set the number of seconds that cached data remains in the cache for applications, API versions, documentation content, instances, and queries by completing the associated fields.
```
It looks like this step is actually the parent to two information points/optional actions? If so, end this with a colon and format the next two steps as unordered list items.

Reviewer: agree

> . Hover the mouse cursor over the question mark next to each field name to see the minimum and maximum number of seconds for each entity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Hover over the question mark (?) next to each field name to see the minimum and maximum number of seconds for each entity.
```
See previous edit comment re. whether this is a step, a substep, or an unordered list item.

Reviewer: agree

> . Set a field to zero seconds to disable caching of that entity.

Reviewer 2: ditto re. format

Author: Fixed.

. Click *Save*.

> Cache size defaults to zero. To finish configuring the caches, set the cache size:

Reviewer 2: I'm a little confused here. Is the following task about setting the size of the overall cache (which comprises two parts), rather than the previous task of setting the size of each part?
If so, how does the overall size work with the part sizes?
I'm going to copyedit the following task, but I don't understand how it relates to the previous, which also dealt with cache (part) size....

Reviewer: the previous section refers to TIME that each data element lives in the cache, whereas this section refers to the size of the two "parts" of the cache.

. Log in to your Salesforce organization.
. In *Setup*, click *Platform Cache*.

> . Open the `ACMCache` partition.

Reviewer 2: How does one "open"? What is clicked or otherwise manipulated by the user?

Reviewer: open means clicking on the name of the entry - happy to use a better action name

Author: Good point. Updated to use "click".

. Click *Edit*.

> . Set the size of each cache in megabytes in the "Organization" field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Set the size of each cache (in megabytes) in the *Organization* field.
```

Reviewer: agree

+

> The sum of the sizes of the session cache and the organization cache cannot be more than your organization's cache capacity, as determined by your xref:licensing-overview.adoc[license].

Reviewer 2: Okay, so this refers to session and org. parts, which were configured in the task above this one.
Again, I am confused about how these two tasks relate.

Reviewer: see my comment above (line 23)

. Click *Save*.

The new configuration is effective immediately.

> Click *Recalculate* to see how much of each cache is in use.

Reviewer 2: Not a step, so should not be imperative
```suggestion
To see how much of each cache is in use, you can click *Recalculate*.
```

Reviewer: agree

> Cached objects include:

Reviewer 2: This belongs in text that precedes the reference to these fields in the UI, in the task topic.

Author: Good point. Moved.

> 

Reviewer 2: Each of the following definitions should end without the period. Please remove.

Author: Removed.
